docs: add section about subscribing to mailing list (#5915)
zitadel/zitadel: README.md

## Security

> See the policy [here](./SECURITY.md)
> Check out our [Technical Advisories](https://zitadel.com/docs/support/technical_advisory)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the policy [here](./SECURITY.md).

[Technical Advisories](https://zitadel.com/docs/support/technical_advisory)  are published regarding major issues with the ZITADEL platform that could potentially impact security or stability in production environments.
```
